PBM-140 Description of the pbm cancel-backup command (#369)
percona/percona-backup-mongodb: doc/source/running.rst

After a cluster's restore is complete all mongos nodes will need to be
restarted to reload the sharding metadata.

.. _pbm.cancel.backup:

Cancelling a backup
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If an error occurs during the backup process, the |pbm-agent| processes on
the mongod nodes must detect it and self-abort. If the |pbm-agent| processes
cannot handle this error (e.g the error is unknown) or they are inactive on all mongod nodes,
the backup process gets stuck in an erroneous state. Such backups must be
cancelled manually.

> You can also cancel a backup that runs for hours (e.g. due to a large database
> size) to re-schedule it later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also cancel a normal backup simply if you want to. For example if you want to do some 
other maintenance and don't want to wait for a large backup to finish first.
```

To cancel the backup, use the |pbm-cancel-backup| command.

.. code-block:: bash

  $ pbm cancel-backup
  Backup cancelation has started

When the backup cancellation is complete, the backup is marked as cancelled in
the |pbm-list| output:

.. code-block:: bash

  $ pbm list
  ...
  2020-04-30T18:05:26Z	Cancelled at 2020-04-30T18:05:37Z

The |pbm.app| command line utility updates the PBM control collections in the
MongoDB cluster or non-sharded replica set with the record about the backup

> finished in error. The |pbm-agent| processes are ready to launch the next backup.  

Reviewer: Sorry, I don't understand what this is saying.
